Revision:	2

x	1.	Make REPORT dialog a modal dialog,
		returning to main dialog when done.
	
x	2.	write "adjustment" to file

x	3.	process "adjustments" in all places
		where file is read.

x	4.	write "comments" dialog.

x	5.	write "comments" to file.

x	6.	add "comments" checkbox to report dialog,
		and print comments in report if checked.

x	7.	Implement new report dialog "DLGREPORT_NEW",
		and new sub-dialog "DLGNEWREPORT", and "delete"
		button for "Overhead" account.

x	8.	Add labels

x	9.	make "total" time as reported on icon reflect the sum of
		all projects, NOT the current session time (this is more
		accurate, especially in the case of a crash).

x	10.	Add "comments" section to "adjustments" dialog.

	11.	Link comment record to adjustment in report via ltime_a.

	12.	Make "auto-save" feature, time settable.  This will stop,
		and restart the current project every so often in order
		to guard against lost log-time in case of crash.  Should
		it also write to the .INI file?

x	13.	Split report if wraps off of right of "page".

x	14.	report to printer.

	15.	fix "problem": when DOS returns to windows, ICON not updated
		(are there any messages arriving to icon on this event?)

x	16.	Fix bug: on "EndSession", must write out profile data.

	17.	If upon initialization, TIMELOG finds that a previous
		session was active on the same day, asks the user if
		he/she wants to make an adjustment in order to allocate
		the (unbilled) time to a project.  If so, invokes the
		adjustment dialog with the amount of time elapsed as
		the initial adjustment amount.

	18.	Doesn't currently "act" like normal window application,
		in that when you click on the "TimeLog" icon, a dialog
		box pops up, and the "TimeLog" icon stays there.  The
		"TimeLog" icon should represent the dialog box, and the
		"System" menu of the dialog should be disabled.  The
		dialog should only have a minimize box.

	19.	Like the "Iris" anti-virus program, ask if user really
		wants to leave when he clicks twice on the System Menu,
		so that the default value of "No, just minimize the
		dialog" is what it currently does, but that the option
		of really closing the TimeLog be available.

	20.	make "Always on Top" option.

