Revision:	1

NOTE:	split the module "TLRPTDLG"; use the new "menuchk" module.


x	1.	Make printer report dynamic:
		A.	Folds table when too many columns.
		B.	Word-wraps comments.

x	2.	Bug.  Why are there apparently "empty" columns that have
		a positive total when you print 60 entries, when you
		select "Labels only" as the entry selection?  For example,
		"Wed, Aug 3" has 10:42 to a project it doesn't list (QSMSG0A1).

		A:	was omitting the first column


x	3.	put a message out when the report can't fit all of the columns
		or rows requested (bOverflow).

		A:	now just beeps


	4.	Browse/print-preview mode:

x		a.	Should have "current printer" definition.
			Add a pushbutton to set the printer.

			A:	use menu instead of button

x		b.	Use the "current printer" when printing,
			and use the paper size of the "current
			printer" when previewing.

			A:	"sort of" WYSIWYG

	5.	Font selection:

		1.	Must be able to get back to initial font
			selection.  Currently, cannot return to
			initial font.

		2.	Should save current font selection in
			initiazation file.  Probably should be
			only characteristic of font face name,
			and font size.  font family, pitch, etc.,
			are they necessary?

	6.	Create new report, "detail", which shows the individual
		log entries.  Show regular entries, adjustments, and
		make note of log irregularities such as crashes.

	7.	Make report reflect time from currently "open" project.

	8.	Make paging up and down in report faster.
		Can easily add "scrolling" by using "ScrollWindow" (?)
		function, etc.

	9.	Make "Open", "Save", and "Save As..." items for the "File"
		menu.  What will be saved is all parameters affecting
		report generation, so that a "particular" report can be
		recalled/reprinted, etc.

	10.	Make "Move" option for "adjustments" to move a certain
		amount of time from one "place" to another.

	11.	Make "Reverse" option (possibly integrated with "detail"
		report?? See #6) that reverses the effect of a particular
		log transaction by entering a reversing transaction.

END OF TODO.TXT
